I've been banned from Twitch
This is gonna be on my new, and old accounts, so if you see this whilst visiting CacTommo, please go ahead and hit me with a follow on my new account, https://twitch.tv/cactustommo - It's where I'll stream from here on out.

So. I created my account 4 years ago, when I was 10. I used a fake birthdate, because that's the only thing I needed to fake to be able to make a Twitch account, which I wanted. So I made one using 14/08/1998 as a birthdate. 

Now I hear people changing accounts (itsZurx_) and even get forced into making a new account when applying for partner (averageharry). This is absolutely unacceptable behaviour from Twitch.

So, with that, I asked Twitch support to change my birthdate, so if I did ever get partner my progress wouldn't be completely reset. I get in touch with them, they ask for a few details, like my username, IP, and a few other things I didn't mind providing.

Then I changed my name to CacTommo later that day. This is different to the name I provided in the email. I got tempbanned for this, so I explained to them what happened, and they asked for the same information again, which is somewhat understandable giving that I gave the now incorrect information last time. I give it again, and then they ask for "a copy of your government issued ID reflecting your age."

I don't think this is appropriate, especially with a 14 year old.

However, reluctantly, I provide.

They tell me my fake birthdate, I expected this, and reply,
"Hi,

This birthdate needs changing,
Thanks!
Tomas"

Then they ask for my ID...
Again...
This is a step too far in my opinion. These incredibly personal pieces of information, like a copy of my passport, is being handled so loosely that they don't even know they have it. This is absolutely insane, and unacceptable.

However, again, I reluctantly provide it.

Now. The main controversy. I get banned for this. 

I know I'm not a huge deal on Twitch, but I care about my channel, and so do other people. I've grown a fantastic, small community, which I'm incredibly proud of, and who support me through things I go through. It's great to be able to open up to people, on a public stream, without having to feel judged, and being comfortable doing so.

They say:

"As this account was created when you were not yet 13 years old, in violation of our Terms of Service. However, as you are currently older than 13 years old, you may create a new account under the supervision of a parent or legal guardian."

And there we are.

After making money for their platform, investing money for their platform, everything's gone. My respectable amount of sub and bits money? Gone. It's truly disgusting behaviour.

The even sadder thing is, is that people who aren't in my discord or following my Twitter have no way of knowing about this, so can't continue to follow me on my ventures. Truly saddening.

Anyway, love you all <3

 - Tommo